hey everybody and well it's Thanksgiving
so Happy Thanksgiving
I wanted to do an update I'm still
working on that recovery thing I've had
some really good progress but I've also
had a lot of support which i think is
really important so right now I see a
nutritionist weekly and then I also see
a therapist weekly and then I have
joined my work has a workout program
where you see the dietician once a week
and then you can work out as much as you
want and it lasts about 10 weeks so I'm
doing that as well and working out about
three times a week they're gonna start
maybe slow which I appreciate and so far
there's some classes available so
there's a Tai Chi class which we did Tai
Chi at the treatment center the tai chi
class is on my lunch break on Tuesdays
but it's at 1:00 o'clock which isn't my
normal lunch break time so trying to get
away at the right time is difficult
sometimes so I haven't made it there yet
and so I've missed two but I'm gonna try
again you know next week and then I'm
also doing a class which is a chair yoga
class and we did yoga at the Truman
Center as well and I did mine from a
chair because it's hard for me to get on
the ground and get back up so the chair
yoga class I'm really enjoying because
it's stretching and you're holding some
moves and then also me and they do a
meditation which I really like so I'm
enjoying that and I'm enjoying exercise
right now and I can feel my body
changing and when I first got back I
couldn't really tell a difference but
now I'm really starting to tell so I've
been home for about a month and a half
so yeah things are going pretty good you
know like I said I think it's important
to have a lot of really good support and
continue to be aware of you know why
you're craving those things like even me
yes
today I didn't bring snacks with me I
was out all day like doing appointments
and stuff so I should have brought
snacks with me and I didn't so I was
waiting to eat because I knew I had food
in the crock-pot for when I came home
and so I'm like I don't need to eat no
no I'll just do my errands and stuff and
I started to think about these sugar
cookies they're like a Lofthouse brand
and my friend and I used to joke around
that they're like the fat girl's crack
because they're like good and I want to
eat the whole thing so I couldn't get
out of my mind so on the way home the
freeway was really backed up and so I
thought well I'm gonna stop and get
these cookies and eat him in the car so
I go to Albertsons and get two boxes of
them and bring them up to the register
and my card just gets declined so I'm
like okay so I said well let's try just
one package and see if the card goes
through and he got declined again so I
left without the cookies got on the
freeway and it was cleared out so I got
home much faster than I thought I would
and I thought you know I'm really glad
I'm really glad that happened and I feel
like maybe that was a god moment like
God was looking out for me and giving me
support when I couldn't support myself
so that's how I'm gonna look for it look
at it and I'm thankful so I hope
everybody else has a great Thanksgiving
and talk to you soon bye